what is up everyone mr. abiud here and
before we get into the awesome amiga
video I made for you guys I would like
to give away two of these amazing Steve
action figures courtesy of Jazwares
and all's you have to do to win them is
leave a like on this video and go
subscribe to my second channel yes I
made a second channels for Let's Plays
and everything it's really cool it just
launched two days ago that link is down
below or on the screen and or opening a
new tab but good luck you guys but I
want to talk about one more thing before
we get started holiday time is here and
I have one great way for you guys to get
involved with YouTube and help a charity
out at the same time and it's just by
tweeting during this year's to athon and
awesome music and comedy livestream with
some of your favorite youtubers what's
trending and Ford are teaming up to
donate $1 for every tweet to the convent
house which is a charity that helps
homeless youth all you have to do is
tune into to with on this Thursday
December 12th at 9 p.m. Eastern Time and
tweet using the hashtag Fiesta Movement
or to athon click here or in the
description down below to go subscribe
to what's trending and they'll send you
know like when the livestream goes up
easy right so what are you doing in July
2014 are you gonna come to a minecraft
convention called my no Rama on the 12th
and 13th I'll be there it'll be fun oh
haha friendship there's like a
convention coal miner Rama it's mine
crap we're gonna play minecraft there's
gonna be tournaments are you trying to
draw me up with music hello be my friend
haha eager over here so what are you
doing July 2014
ah I look like a pedophile now I just
realized that you come into my no Rama
in New York City on the 12th and 13th
tickets go on presale December 15th
that's a Sunday I'd go get him but I
already have ticket I get to go VIP here
woohoo it's about minecraft you play
minecraft oh you like minecraft I know
you do everyone likes minecraft of
course
you did get that shit nugget I know
where that is
that's really New York City where mine
around my ears spigot let's get a trip
skittles teach tear get yes I will tell
you where you can buy minor AMA tickets
links in the description right around
there take down low get yes mmm
get those tickets yes exactly does my
excitement excite you o my ramaa mono
Brahma Mon aroma yeah yeah I like it too
it is very nice Becky God oh there's a
bit mill oh don't skip me hey yay my
life is complete I found a girl on the
Internet
oh my god it's a Minecraft convention in
New York City you don't have a passport
well you're not in the country Oh
awkward you could get a passport you
have six months 7 months I have some
money you could get the money corn
there's corners
it's the corners red-light districts
there's tons of things there's
ChatterBait I can prostitution there we
go now we're on the same page so I could
pimp you out then I'll keep 25% it's
only fair because I have to you know get
all the contacts early but then you can
have 75% say but money you come to my
door Rama the best minecraft convention
in the world oh I guess I'll start
well goddess fucking guy so we both like
minecraft you're obviously scary and
murderous you should come to mine or um
it's perfect place for you tons of
little kids to take advantage of I mean
it's my craft convention Wow
minecraft do you like it oh yeah that's
right okay well then you'll love me cuz
I'm afraid famous minecrafter does this
impress you enough to take your clothes
off I couldn't keep them on I'm making a
video here I can't get it out flag and
big parties giant orgies
you can make the guy in a mask awkward
it out there you know you're doing your
job right so yes guys I'm going to be a
minor homage line 12th and the 13th of
2014 and you can be there too tickets go
on presale December 15th which is this
Sunday at noon Eastern Time the link to
that is down below basically my no rum
is a huge minecraft convention with tons
of youtubers panels there's going to be
scavenger hunts also tournaments for
swagga swag and a lot of chances to meet
your favorite youtubers it's basically
like Minecon but a little bit bigger and
a ton a bit better so if you guys want
to go like I said go check out the
website linked down below and also
before you go I made a second channel
where I'm doing too much plays a day on
basically I play The Sims I play
Starbound I'm doing Minecraft Let's
Plays stuff like that all sorts of
different games that you won't get on
Aviator gaming that channel just started
like two days ago so if you haven't seen
it yet the links and that's down below I
would love if you would go subscribe and
check up the channel but until next time
you guys remember take it easy lemon
squeezy oh god I think I'm in trouble
hurry get to the new BAM video link in
the description or on the screen to save
me Oh God